here I go Vegeta had trained in the
hyperbolic time chamber and gain powers
that exceed cells second for cell for
folks Vegeta saying that if he were in
his perfect form he would win insulted
Vegeta allow cells to absorb android 18
I will crush anyone who gets in my way
I will not allow this to happen
second director
but you that seems to be willing to
cooperate soon that will achieve my
perfect hole
this crowd
be on guard
what
what are you messing around for sell
hurry up and become perfect
extraordinary Chatswin don't interfere
drugs
Oh
over here over here
I will never let you reach your perfect
Wow
dad you're making a mistake we can't let
him reach his perfect form what are you
going to do if this power becomes
greater than ours ha you're so pathetic
don't you want to see his full strength
no I don't want to see it seen enough of
what these androids can do already I
have to stop him from reaches perfect
impossible I don't think you're capable
of attacking your own father turning
right
this is in for you
no like cheetah
what are you messing around for so
perfect bye nope
Oh
this is the end for you fine Oprah
now then I think I'll sit back and wait
till he reaches is perfect for
done
it's all over
my power has increased beyond my wildest
dreams